gh-118761: substitute `re` import in `base64.b16decode` for a more efficient alternative (#128736)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.14.rst

  reduces memory usage.
  (Contributed by Kumar Aditya in :gh:`107803`.)

base64
------

> * Improve performance of :func:`base64.b16decode` by a factor ten by
>   removing an unnecessary regular expression. Consequently, :mod:`re`
>   is no more implicitly available as ``base64.re`` and import time of
>   :mod:`base64` is improved by a factor six.
>   (Contributed by Bénédikt Tran in :gh:`118761`.)

Reviewer: 'factor ten' doesn't make sense (it should be 'factor of ten'), but here's a suggestion:

```suggestion
* Improve the performance of :func:`base64.b16decode` by up to ten times,
  and reduce the import time of :mod:`base64` by up to six times.
  (Contributed by Bénédikt Tran, Chris Markiewicz, and Adam Turner in :gh:`118761`.)
```

I've also suggested crediting me and Chris, though feel free to remove - it wasn't in any of your original drafts.

Author: I'm perfectly fine crediting everyone!

Author: > factor ten' doesn't make sense (it should be 'factor of ten'), 

Sorry, this is me translating from French to English!
